updated change log (#229)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/teknologi/altinnstudio/changelog/app-nuget/v4/whats-new.md

toc: true
---

## 4.8.0 (2021-06-22) - Application version number available in AppSettings

> During deployment an environment variable containing the application version is made available in the app cluster
> this version number is now possible to retrieve in any controller or service by injecting AppSettings into the class.
> The new property is called `AppVersion`

Reviewer: Original sentence is a little long and hard to read. My attempt:
```suggestion
During app deployment an environment variable with the app version number/name is added to the app runtime environment. This version information can now be retrieved in any controller or service through the AppSettings configuration object. Just add a dependency on `AppSettings` into the class and access the new property called `AppVersion`.
```
